Well, good evening family.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
We are going to go over the things the Lord showed us yesterday in prayer.
I was shown quite a bit.
And so I want to go over the things that the Lord showed us about Trump and the Trump administration in the meeting on Saturday that I saw some of the things.
Now, some of it I am not going to be able to talk about, but some of it I feel I can.
So, we are going to tell you some things tonight of what we are going to be praying for concerning the Pharaoh's hearts.
As I saw hardened hearts, and this was by design, I saw a justice coming to the Christians of Iran who have been slaughtered, tortured like these young girls that President Trump is pleading for, saying, "Please don't hang these young girls tomorrow.
" I don't know if they hung them or not.
These young girls, they were really beautiful young women.
My wife told me about them.
I never saw them, but she said, "I saw their pictures, honey.
" And she goes, "It's absolutely terrible.
They are going to basically murder legally eight young women tomorrow by hanging.
" And I guess because they broke Sharia law or whatever, they are upset because they did not wear their little bandanas on their heads.
Very pathetic as a culture and so we know justice is coming.
Justice is here.
Justice is knocking at the door.
And as I saw this yesterday in prayer, I saw the meeting, I saw the two men, I saw their hearts were hardened like Pharaoh.
And this was by design.
I saw more of a justice is what I want to call it coming to the people of Iran in the days ahead.
The hand of the Lord moving in their behalf.
Now, some people go, "Well, Brandon, what do you think?
Are you thinking they are going to go after and do these things to their power grid and their water?
That will be 90 million people that pass away and such.
" Keep that still, honey.
It distracts me from what I am saying real quick.
Okay.
Just keep that like that.
Thank you.
It is just colors flashing.
And so as we were praying last night, I saw a nuclear device.
I saw a missile that looked like a white looking rocket that had a ball at the front of it and it looked like octagons all over it that looked like little eyes and it was round at the tip of this rocket.
Now it was probably the size of a softball.
Maybe it could be a little like a volleyball.
Maybe the size of a volleyball, a softball.
It was a round ball at the tip of this missile, but it looked like it had octagon-like eyes all over it like the New Year's ball in Times Square.
It looked like that at a tip of a rocket.
But as I saw the mountain that was holding all of the nuclear supplies, the enrichment, I saw this thing being made a hole like by MOAB.
Major big explosive device created a hole and then this went inside of it and it made it where it was uninhabitable.
Uninhabitable.
It was not America that did it.
It was Israel.
America helped, but America could not get the backing to use it from our generals.
I saw another country do it.
Great anti-semitism would rise up even greater from Turkey and Pakistan because of this device.
I saw it going and making the mountain glow.
It made the mountain where, okay, you will not let us in to get it.
We will make it where you cannot even get it.
And that is what I was looking at.
So, we will continue to pray for President Trump and the decisions that he makes in the days ahead because I believe with all my heart, the mountain will glow.
It will glow.
It will be where we cannot go in and you cannot either.
As they were watching because of the chatter, there was a lot of chatter, moles within their own government.
They started taking strategically and moving some over here, some over there.
So they had enough enrichment over here, enrichment over there trying to split up the pile.
Some of it went into a desert area.
Some of it went into another area.
But there were trains all underneath the ground and it was how quickly you could move to get what was down deep.
And that was what the Lord was saying to intercede for this.
So I saw that.
But I saw something that looked like a space age.
And the Lord said, "These are weapons that have never been used before.
These are weapons that have never been used before.
" But I saw Pharaoh's heart being hardened because JD Vance has a sarcasm when he talks sometimes for what I perceive in the spirit when I pray.
And it would almost like remember whenever Pharaoh's wife in Ten Commandments, "Oh Pharaoh, are the children of Israel laughing at you, Pharaoh?
I hear them laughing at you," remember in the movie?
And she said she goes, "I don't see, where is the blood basically of the Jews on from your spear or whatever?
" And she said, "I hear them laughing in the desert.
" It was a provoking from a Jezebel spirit on her.
I don't know if that really happened.
I am just saying in the movie, right?
I have to go back and read all that to make sure if she really said all that or not.
But this is the same kind of thing.
I saw a provoking to the point where I saw them angry every time they talked to us.
It was an anger.
"We hold the cards.
" Do you remember when I was hearing that?
We have the power.
You have nothing to negotiate with.
Either you comply or we are taking you back to the stone age.
Either you do what we tell you to do or we are going to knock out your oil infrastructure.
We are going to knock out all these things.
" And that is what I was seeing.
And whenever the heart of Pharaoh, what I would call last night, was hardened, a major blow was given in the visions I was seeing last night.
So, we will go back to the other part, which was the refineries.
The Lord said to pray over the oil refineries down by Houston, to pray over Tulsa, to pray over Louisiana, to pray over major gas and oil and propane refinery plants, pipelines.
I saw trains that were carrying supplies that looked like big propane tanks that they were targeting to derail and cause them to go.
As I was praying, I have told you this how many times we have brought this up and told you pray over this.
Pray over this.
This is a very serious thing and still is because of global supply.
And I said, I saw in the visions sabotage, some by drones that had strapped on C4 or other kind of devices, and some of them by human sabotage that work there.
Now, last night I told you before after it was over, I said, "You need to pray over this.
" This was one of the last things I left you.
And I said, "You need to pray over Houston.
" I am feeling it inside.
I feel something to pray.
I felt it all day Sunday.
I felt it all day Monday.
I felt it on the 18th.
I kept praying over the refineries.
Praying over what I call mass transit in New York City.
Our subways.
Praying over our subways.
Praying over Boston Marathon, which I thought it was interesting that Hillary and Bill and Chelsea were all part of that marathon exercising, you know?
And so maybe they did not do nothing because their friends were there, you know?
Maybe they did not do anything because they had their friends there and they thought, "Well, we probably do not want to do anything while the Queen Bee is here.
" Maybe that made them decide not to do anything at the Boston thing because anytime the head of the Jezebel is there, it causes them to watch out because they don't want to hurt the mother.
So, I thought it was kind of interesting.
She showed up.
Well, now we are praying over the next phase.
Praying over our president, still praying over his mind.
Praying over Caroline Leavitt, praying over the baby, praying over JD Vance, praying over wisdom.
I am telling you, we as we saturate our president in prayers and not idolize him and lift him above his position of where who he is, right?
We honor him and we pray for him, but he's just human.
We stay vertical.
We see what he said today.
And I said that is a result right there of prayer—of what he said today.
If anybody saw what President Trump said today, we were so excited about it because I believe it is the root of prayer from this channel and others that are praying.
There's a lot of believers praying.
It's not just us, but we have a lot of people in America praying for President Trump.
And I believe prayer changes things.
Now, let's go over some of the things you showed me today, Braden.
And let's move quickly.
Let's play this.
President Trump, do you have it ready?
Yeah.
He's reading his Bible: "Thus Solomon finished the house of the Lord and the king's house and all that came into Solomon's heart to make in the house of the Lord and in his own house he prosperously effected.
And the Lord appeared to Solomon by night and said to him, 'I have heard your prayer and have chosen this place to myself for a house of sacrifice.
If I shut up heaven, that there be no rain, or if I command the locusts to devour the land, or if I send pestilence among my people; if my people which are called by my name shall humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways, then will I hear from heaven and will forgive their sin and will heal their land.
Now my eyes shall be open and my ears attent to the prayer that is made in this place.
For now I have chosen and sanctified this house that my name may be there forever, and my eyes and my heart shall be there perpetually.
And as for you, if you will walk before me, as David your father walked, and do according to all that I have commanded you, and shall observe my statutes and my judgments, then will I establish the throne of my kingdom, according to as I have covenanted with David, your father, saying, there shall not fail you a man to be ruler in Israel.
But if you turn away and forsake my statutes and my commandments, which I have set before you, and shall go and serve other gods, and worship them, then will I pluck them up from the roots out of my land which I have given them, and this house which I have sanctified for my name will I cast out of my sight, and will make it to be a proverb and a byword among nations.
And this house which is high shall be an astonishment to everyone that passes by it, so that he shall say, "Why has the Lord done thus to this land and to this house?
" And it shall be answered, "Because they forsook the Lord God of their fathers, which brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, and laid hold on other gods, and worshiped them, and served them.
Therefore has he brought all this evil upon them.
"' I thought that was pretty cool.
I don't know about you all, but I got excited.
I thought, 'Hey, this is what we're looking for.
' We're looking for him to make it across the finish line.
And the only way we're going to get him across the finish line is by us coming together and praying for this man, by helping him.
I saw great demonic pressure coming on him.
It was so much so that I saw that thing in the Oval Office picking at his brain, coming against his thoughts.
But I believe even with what we've done in the last couple of weeks—I know you all have, I know there's a lot of you, Brandon—I've been really praying for him.
I believe we're seeing results of it.
He's reading the Bible and he's talking about it on camera.
That's a huge thing for any man, especially of his caliber, to do, and out of the persecution of all the other idiots that come against him for reading the Bible.
But isn't that amazing?
So, I just see fruit.
We're seeing a turnaround.
Look at that.
Ready?
Next.
If you want to skip it, you can.
China.
No, go ahead.
I want to look at this right here.
This is last night in the morning.
It's not an oil rig; it was a gas rig.
It was a gas explosion in Texas that happened last night.
This is what we were praying over.
Now, I don't know what caused this natural gas explosion to happen, but we can see it there.
There are other photos.
Braden, keep going.
I don't know, you had other things.
Yeah, I have it here.
So, there it's all on fire.
Okay.
And they're all talking about it last night late and people emailed, 'Brandon, it's coming to pass.
' This is not a good thing.
We don't want this to come to pass.
This is terrible.
This is our economy.
And that was what I was trying to say: we don't want to see this stuff.
This is a bad thing, but it happened and all this is burning and things happened.
So why?
I don't know.
Maybe it was an accident.
But this is what I was seeing in the spirit was stuff on fire, stuff burning, and it was sabotage.
Okay.
Ready?
Next.
Now, this post right here is from who?
This is President Trump that made this post: 10 refineries in 21 days and four continents.
Okay.
Texas, Mexico, all kinds of places in India, Australia, Romania, Russia.
And as I was praying last night, I saw a major explosion taking place in Russia.
It happened right after that.
Another major one in Russia last night, as I told you all we were in intercessory prayer, and I said, 'I see another oil rig being attacked in Russia as we speak.
' I could see it in the spirit and it happened right after that from what I understood.
Right.
Do you have pictures of it?
You showed them to me earlier.
That's why—is that one oil rain falls in Russia?
Okay.
Oil rain falls in Russia after Ukraine strikes on Black Sea refineries.
That happened.
So their oil is falling out of the sky.
And they're touching it and wiping it with their hands as oil is falling out of the sky.
Oil rain.
Pretty wild, huh?
I saw—this is why I told you it's about the—this is what's going on.
It's a war against stuff.
You struck our oil, we'll strike your oil.
And that's why the Lord said, 'Pray over your major refineries in America.
' April, take it back.
Oh, look at that.
On April 3rd, Russia major oil exports...
you can just read it yourself, but on the 4th, 7th, 9th, 14th, 15th, 20th, 21st, 21st, another one on the 21st, another one in oil.
So, it goes on and on and on of all these major refineries catching fire and having some kind of mysterious explosion.
And this is what we are praying over.
Every single time I told you, I see refineries.
I see Tuttle, Oklahoma.
I see these major places.
You need to pray for it—it will try to be a global shaking of oil.
And I saw 1970s oil lines, oil gas lines, cars, mile-long lines, can't get gas in some states.
Now, I don't know if it's everybody.
Okay.
US Vice President JD Vance calls off trip to Pakistan following Iran's decision not to participate in the negotiations.
So Pharaoh's heart is hardened.
I didn't know that.
Did that just happen?
Yeah.
JD even go—like he didn't fly.
He didn't even fly.
It's 18 hours.
What a waste of time.
Yeah, he didn't even fly.
So Pharaoh's heart was hardened.
So what happens next?
I believe the mountain will glow soon.
I believe their oil wells will be completely destroyed with very little anything.
I saw certain places that Saudi Arabia would try to take as their own, like try to use it as plunder.
I saw a liberation coming.
I saw the people that are over Iran right now—another regime change.
Another one.
Like this one already changed.
We're going to have another regime change.
And the next one, I saw the gray hair with the bald head.
Do you remember?
I keep seeing the gray hair with the bald head guy.
Pray for this man because I said his life is in danger.
And so we pray for Reza Pahlavi.
Yeah, we pray for Reza Pahlavi because I saw that he would be a leader.
They would try to raise him up, but they would try to assassinate him.
That's what the Lord showed us.
Now, the things the Lord shows me, I know there's a lot more detail in the words that the Lord gives me.
I talked to one man who said, 'Brandon, your words are very similar to Kim's and others, but the words that God gives you are very detailed; it's almost like you're looking at the highlight of a headline versus the story.
' Does that make sense?
Some prophetic words are given like a headline—the title to the book.
God tells you the title to the book through some prophetic voices, and then there are some prophetic voices where God gives you the detail in the story as we keep praying into it.
Right?
So we know God's not schizophrenic.
God gives the words with accuracy.
When one general goes home, like Kim or John Paul Jackson, God raises up new voices, but he doesn't deviate from the word that he gave.
He gives more detail as time goes on; he'll give you more of a strategy of how it will be implemented and how it happens as you pray into it.
Everything, I believe, as a watchman—everything is prophetic and everything that the Lord shows us is bathed and birthed in prayer.
You won't get all of it at one time.
We go back to the cryptos and things that the Lord has shown us over the last six years plus.
Was it 2018 or 2017 when he started talking to us about it?
When I was driving down the road and he started talking to us, we took notes—strategic notes—but all of it forms a beautiful picture over the course of time.
You think, 'Well, does it go along with each other?
' Yes, it's not crazy.
It's not off in La La Land.
Everything the Lord gives through prophetic voices in the past, you can say, 'I see, I remember.
' And this is not financial advice, okay?
This is all in my opinion and right now this is for your entertainment purposes only.
He said, 'I see the dinar; I see things about this dinar.
' He had a piece of the puzzle and he brought it forth as a prophet and he said this.
So then that man goes home, but the general going home doesn't mean the battle is over.
It means you still pray into it.
God raises up another voice to fill the position of the general that went home.
Over time, you see new faces come along and say, 'God says now you go speak,' and he gives more pieces to the puzzle about the pink currencies and things.
Not financial advice—all in our opinion.
But he gives these things to people to pray over, so the job is not done praying over the Dinar, praying over President Trump, praying over the assignments that the Lord gave.
Just like whenever there was one prophet in the past that spoke and told that Jesus was coming.
Was he the last voice that spoke it?
No.
God brought another one when he was finished.
God brought another one until the manifestation of the Son coming as a baby from a virgin.
The manifestation came out of a sequence of prophetic voices that backed the word, all saying the coming of the Lord was near the first time.
Now, he uses in another generation new watchmen, new prophets that go along with the same thing about crypto, digital currency, and all these things.
I know we hear in part and we see in part, but it doesn't usually deviate from the original word.
When it is truly from God, when it's really the heartbeat of the Father, it doesn't deviate from the root.
It starts to bring a branch out and God gives more of a picture of how beautiful the tree will be.
But it all started with a seed from the prophetic and out of prayer's birth.
Brother Hagin brings forth and says, 'This is what the Lord tells me about the end-time glory.
' And then whenever I went to heaven, he said to me, 'Brandon, the things that I saw on the earth, I was never able to give because the Lord told me to hold it; the generation wasn't able to receive it yet.
' He touched my stomach and said, 'This is what the Lord has assigned you to say.
There will be things that you will say that I never was able to say.
' He touched my stomach and I felt like an impregnation in heaven.
The Lord assigned it to him; he said, 'Listen, these are prophetic words that were never able to be uttered out of my mouth that now you will carry and say.
' The tree is growing the root, and now the branches are here and you can see what kind of tree it is.
It's going to be an oak tree, a pine tree, a sycamore, or whatever, but it never deviates.
If it's truly from God, the words don't deviate from the original seed.
It may have a different glance because every branch looks different on a tree, but it usually goes with the attachment of the tree—of what God's trying to do in that generation and the generations to come.
So you can either be an echo or a voice.
What is God saying to you whenever he says, 'This is the part that I want to give you to piggyback onto that word and be precise about what I've told you'?
But I'll give you more detail about the flowers and the branches and the leaves that are going to be on that tree.
That's what the Lord was showing me today.
This tree right here on my wife's book all started with a seed.
Do you see that?
Are they able to see it?
One prophetic word went down as a seed in the soil, but as it grows, that prophet may not have ever seen it come to pass—the whole manifestation of what he prophesied.
But God will bring it forth.
He'll give him part; he'll see in part.
They'll hear in part and see in part as watchmen.
John in the Book of Revelation wrote everything he saw.
He saw in part and heard in part.
This is what's coming.
Do you understand?
He didn't have the whole thing to give great detail about the seven years and everything.
So God raises up more voices that say, 'This is what's coming,' and it all goes along with the word of God.
It doesn't deviate, but it all pulls you to intercession and to go vertical to be closer to him.
That's why I told you what you're about to see is a lot of people—just like whenever the magicians were throwing down their rods and they tried to slither around Moses's rod.
Moses threw his rod down and that big cobra snake ate up theirs.
I said, 'You'll have to be very cautious in the days ahead because many false prophets will rise up and they'll have the appearance of godliness.
They'll have the appearance that they're laying hands on the sick and they're casting out devils and they're doing all this stuff, and you're going to go, "Man, I tell you what, that guy is all in, he is really radical.
" But he's a false prophet.
There are things that are attached to him that are not of God, and you're going to have to have great discernment in these last days.
Just because they look like a duck doesn't mean they are one.
Right?
They could be a swan—I don't know.
I'm just trying to warn you all that there is great deception coming.
As I was looking into what I was being shown last night, we must continue to pray for our president, continue to pray for JD Vance—especially President Trump's safety—and get our eyes off of him as the savior of America and look only at Jesus as the Savior.
We have to stay vertical.
If you're going horizontal thinking that Donald Trump's going to do this, he is not going to do this; it will only come by prayer and fasting.
Just like he read, "If my people, who are called by my name.
" He didn't say if the world.
He didn't say if Obama repents and turns from his wicked ways.
He didn't say if the Democrats.
He said, 'If my people.
' Why did the Lord say to me whenever I was getting my chicken?
I can tell you where I was when he said it.
He said to me, 'Brandon, it's not about the world right now.
I'm looking at my church and how they are exalting a man.
There will be no other gods before me; I will not share my glory with anyone.
Pray for this man.
Don't allow the enemy to come in with pride to put a root of pride in someone's heart so that they get a big head.
I've seen it so many times with healing ministries.
There was one in particular that was warned by Brother Hagin and others not to do it, and he had a tragic car accident on the way home from Amarillo, Texas.
He was warned.
He went home early and they said, 'Don't do this.
' He started saying he was Elijah.
People started getting real weird.
From what I understand, especially whenever you're walking in the supernatural and you start seeing things and you start conversing and you're able to see angels and the Lord's put a gift on you, you have to keep yourself humble before God and keep your eyes on him or the devil, just like he did, started to exalt.
'I will exalt.
Look at me.
The worship's coming out of me.
Everybody sitting here and I'm the one doing this.
' And the Most High, and 'I'm going to exalt myself.
' Next thing you know, he's fallen like lightning.
God will share his glory with no one.
And that's what he warns me all the time: 'Remember to stay small.
Humble yourself.
Remember the janitor that you were for 15 years of your life, cleaning vomit and feces off.
Don't ever forget where I have brought you from.
No matter how much of a household name or the things that I give you and it proves to be accurate in the days ahead, always remember to stay small in your own eyes.
You are a glove and I am the hand that goes in the glove.
And the moment you start thinking the glove's able to move outside of the hand, you are done.
' He told me, 'You're done.
' Remember, he warned me very sternly.
I can tell you the day Jesus himself showed up.
I was there.
The glory of the Lord filled my house and he warned me.
Then he looked at me and he said, 'Are you willing to die for me, Brandon?
' I can tell you what he was wearing.
He had a beautiful purple cloak on.
He had a beautiful crown on his head.
He was dressed to a T that day, had a gold chain thing marked around his neck.
It went down and his robe was beautiful purple.
It was the most beautiful royal purple I've ever seen.
This royalty color was beautiful; it looked like some kind of silk.
He had a scepter in his hand that was gold and it had rubies and diamonds and all kinds of emeralds and sapphires on this staff that went up and into a ball.
It had a beautiful crimson red ball on this thing that was the most beautiful colors of gold and jewels I've ever seen before.
He pointed it right at my head when he spoke to me.
Then he spoke to my wife and he spoke to my son, Braden.
I'll never forget it.
The glory of the Lord filled my home.
And then this is when all this happened with YouTube.
It exploded in growth and all the things happened right before Trump's Trump's ear fullfiled prophecy.
He warned me what was coming.
And even today, as I was driving around and I've been persecuted heavily, he told Diana—we were talking about it because I was whining about things—and he said, 'The job description I told you wasn't going to be easy.
But when you go to UPS and they say the job qualifications are lifting a 50-pound box, you have to lift a 50-pound box or you won't be able to work for UPS.
You have to lift this box.
This is part of the job requirement.
But if they get the job and they whine about having to lift the 50-pound box every day, they knew what they were getting into before they signed on to UPS or FedEx to be that worker, right?
They looked at the job description.
They went in for the interview and that boss said, 'Are you willing to do the job and do whatever it takes to lift the 50-pound box all day long if it's required of you?
' The guy said, 'Yes, thank you.
I'll receive your check.
' So, you take the check, you get the money, and you're so excited.
But after your first couple of paydays, people start going, 'You know what?
That's really hard.
My back's kind of sore.
I don't want to do this anymore.
' And the Lord said, 'You're no different right now than a person complaining about the job description.
No matter how much they persecute you, I already told you the world is going to hate you.
And a lot of the elders in the church are not going to like you either.
They're going to be upset because of the things you say.
But if you say what I tell you to say, the ones that are called to walk by your side will be there; they'll be your friends.
But you're not going to have many friends.
You're going to stand alone.
But in time, as you give the words and give the picture of what I'm giving you to give to the body of Christ, it will prove to be accurate.
Some things you will stop in prayer; some things you will not.
There is a storm coming.
He said, 'I want you to warn my people that I'm coming.
' So, I've done exactly that.
And he said, 'I told you it never was going to be easy and that you'll be persecuted for the word's sake.
Keep standing and doing what I've called you to do.
It's part of the job description.
I'll take care of you just like a FedEx employee would be taken care of.
I'll provide for you.
I'll take care of you.
Say what I tell you to say.
' And some days it will look like you are standing alone.
Jeremiah stood alone.
So that's where we are.
I said I would.
I don't care how heavy the box is.
I said, 'Lord, forgive me of my complaining heart.
' Last night as I wept, people said, 'Brandon, don't get upset.
' I said, 'Lord Jesus, come.
Come, Lord Jesus.
' After I saw Obama and I saw the moles across this country—and I'm not picking at Democrats, I'm picking at the Republicans, I'm picking at all political figures right now—I saw back doors to computer software that was strategic for us, an Edward Snowden type of a hack coming in the days ahead that would be very embarrassing to the Trump administration through people who have been there and done that and new people on the inside.
I saw strategic countries, like France, that despise our president and have a plan to go inside with some of these others to try to devise a plan that we do not win midterms to overthrow our government with impeachment in the days ahead at all costs, because he is a log in the road to Agenda 2030.
He is giving great blows and setbacks to the plans of the evil ones.
And that's what the Lord said.
He said, 'Pray for him to remain humble and protected and make it across.
' And people didn't like it when I said the Lord said he'd hold the church accountable.
It's our job to pray for our president.
Well, you're not holding me accountable.
Fine, then don't be a part of it.
But I will stand before my Lord and say, 'I gave everything I had.
I gave you my all.
I surrendered all to you.
I prayed for President Trump whenever nobody else would,' and they turned it back.
'Well, he's with the Jews.
He's this.
' And I got people so mad at me telling me I'm for the baby killers and the Gaza, and I'm telling you what, I don't always support Israel's government, but I support the Jews and I pray for them because that's what the Lord told me to do.
People need to understand governments come and go.
Bibi's election is, I believe, this year or next year.
And whoever they vote to be the leader again, you're going to need to pray for them.
It could be Bennett again.
It could be whoever.
I don't know.
Will Bibi get another term?
But I saw a strategic attack coming against his life.
And the Lord said, "Pray for him.
" People go, "Well, this is against Turkey and all this stuff.
" I keep my eyes off of the individual and I pray for the people.
Do you know how hard it was for me to pray for even Joe Biden?
But I did Kamala Harris as vice president when I knew these people were the most corrupt individuals in any political party as the people—MS-13—was flooding our nation by the millions over four years.
I had to watch it as a believer going, "This is so evil, there's something so wrong going on.
" Oh God, and I'm crying out and I'm in travail praying for our nation that God would have mercy on us as we had a man that ran into walls licking ice cream.
But we still prayed for him.
It's a lot easier to pray for Trump.
Now, I'm telling you, I don't really care for JD Vance that much, but I still pray for him.
You know, it's my opinion.
I like Rubio a lot better.
I like his temperament.
I think he looks like a God-fearing man.
There's just something that rubs me wrong about JD Vance.
It's in my spirit; it's like sandpaper.
Something's not right.
But I still pray for him.
And the Lord said, "You don't pray for him enough.
" He corrected me on this livestream.
He said, "You're not praying for that man enough.
You need to pray for him more.
You need to pray—I pray for Rubio a lot.
" But He said, "Pray for him.
" And I wasn't saying that the man in New York was going to be president.
I said they're grooming him for a greater position in the days ahead.
Obama and him, they're Muslims.
Watch what happens.
I said the man in New York, they're grooming him to be a bigger mouthpiece for the Democratic party in the days ahead.
I didn't say he'd be president.
I saw a demonic something coming on this man to be louder.
Is my internet okay?
I'm just curious because I say a lot and I hope YouTube is not ticked off right now.
I'm on their platform, but I'm bold as a lion.
I have nothing to hide from y'all.
And I tell you what I hear by the Spirit of God.
See, the wheels on the bus go round and round as we're with your little kids all through the town hanging out together.
Anything else, son?
We got to get busy praying.
That's it.
You got everything, buddy?
Yeah.
You sure?
I mean, that's pretty much it.
I'm not trying to rob your time.
I wanted to get this across that they've got to wake up, right?
Okay.
That fertilizer crisis.
70% of farmers can't afford what they need.
Go down.
Show the tractor.
It's really cool to watch.
Look at the tractor.
I love tractors.
Look at that big old tractor.
That farmer—thank God for our farmers.
And I saw green tractors and farmers and they were stagnant everywhere in the days ahead.
Why?
I don't know, something with diesel, I don't know.
I see in part here, in part, but I saw tractors across the nation as we pray for Taiwan and we pray for our chips, we pray for Japan.
The tsunamis concerning this, and I know the earthquake I believe is just the beginning.
We're seeing birthing pains.
And the Lord warned us there'll be much more.
There'll be much more birthing pains.
So, ready?
Is it good?
Anything else?
You sure?
You positive?
I love you.
You got it.
Okay.
51 minutes—too long—but I said what I needed to.
You only have two more days with me and I take a break again.
You say, "Brandon, you say too much.
" Well, you know, you pray with me and I'll pray with you.
If you don't want to pray with me, start another prayer channel there.
The more the merrier.
I think if you feel like you can do it, I pray for you to start one.
We need all the prayer warriors we can get.
Start you a YouTube or Facebook prayer channel.
Go out there, Sister Kibbe, and get at it.
Come on, let's do it.
I think it's great.
I pray for you to start one and to be anointed.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the body that was—You did it all.
Jesus paid it all.
You took it all.
You paid the price, the ultimate sacrifice.
And I thank you, Lord, that by your stripes, we're healed.
And we love you, Jesus.
As we sit at your feet, we thank you for all that you've done and all that you continue to do.
Thank you for our president, Father, that he's reading out of the Bible today.
Thank you, Father, that there was nobody hurt in the Texas gas thing.
Thank you, Lord.
Nobody's going to get hurt.
Thank you, Lord, that the people of Iran are going to be liberated in the days ahead in a greater fashion.
The young women that are being murdered by hanging tomorrow or today, Father, I thank you that you protect them that they would know you.
How tragic it is how they do their people, to execute eight young women for really no need.
So sickening.
But God, I thank you that you would appear to them even in their jail cell and you become real to them and that they would know you.
I ask you, Father, to liberate them and set them free that it would not happen.
But if not, let them not go without knowing you.
Jesus, I thank you that you become so real to the young women whose lives are on the line right now.
Father, we lift up this body.
We thank you for what you did for us.
We humble ourselves before you.
We always go vertical and we give you glory, honor, and praise, Father, as we know that we're just the glove and you're the hand in the glove.
And we give you praise and glory for it in Jesus' name.
Amen.
And amen.
Thank you for the blood.
We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood and we thank you, Father, for this night of prayer.
I plead the blood over me uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I plead the blood over my spiritual eyes, Father, over me in my mind.
I thank you, Lord, that there is no demonic spirit that tries to snare me in any way.
I plead the blood of Jesus around me today.
The angels of the Lord are camped around and about us tonight.
And Lord, if you want to show us anything in prayer tonight, we yield to the anointing of the prophetic.
We yield to the anointing of the watcher.
And we yield to it now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that you show us that which is to come.
And I thank you with great detail and accuracy.
We will deliver what you tell us to do.
And we give you all the praise and glory for it.
And we thank you for the hand on America, for a hand on the Middle East, and the shaking to awaken that is coming to the world, Father, because we're running out of time.
Jesus Christ is standing at the door and we believe that you have great things in store for the church in the mighty name of Jesus.
We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us, Father.
We thank you, Lord.
It never loses its power.
And great is your faithfulness to us, God.
Great is your faithfulness to us.
We plead the blood over us in Jesus' mighty name.
Amen.
And amen.
Lord, we thank you.
It's different every time.
I'm not a cookie cutter and neither should you be.
A relationship with the Lord is spontaneous and fun.
If your relationship with the Lord is routine, that is boring.
Do you think he's bored?
He's probably glad you just showed up.
But I'm going to tell you, it's going to get a lot spicier and you'll have a better relationship if you don't become so cookie-cutter.
This is what I do: I read my Bible and I have five minutes of my devotion time, and then I take communion for ten minutes, and then after that, I have to think about things and I meditate.
Come on, man, how would you be if somebody presented their relationship to you that way?
Get real with God.
When you get real with God, God will become real with you.
Stop being flaky and religious.
We are not like the Pharisees.
We are children and every child is different.
That is what is so cool about when you have children.
Braden is a lot different than Paisley and Megan.
Everybody is different.
I am different than my brothers and my sister.
But if everybody was the same, how boring would the world be?
All of us have a different thumbprint.
Everybody has a different fingerprint.
We are all fearfully and wonderfully made.
So, let us all have a fearfully and wonderfully made relationship with our father.
Don't copy what somebody else does.
Find your uniqueness with him.
Find your individuality.
I want to be different.
I used to try to chase everybody else's mantle.
I thought, I want this so and so preacher as a mantle.
I want to be like them.
God, give me a double portion of that anointing until I realized what they went through.
I heard my friend Billy Burke say, one preacher walked up to him and said, I want a double portion of the anointing.
He goes, But you don't know the price that it took to get here.
People ask for something that they have no idea what they are asking for.
You don't know the price that it took to get there.
It is very expensive.
But God, give me what I can handle.
It all is by refining fire.
From going from glory to glory, it takes refining fire.
The anointing on your life is achieved.
What do you want to call forth?
It is by refining.
Qualification is by refining, and most people don't want to pay the price for that.
They think it is a microwave or a drive-thru.
It is not a drive-thru.
It is a slow cooker.
But what I go through and my character of what my issues are is going to be a lot different than yours because each one of us are fearfully and wonderfully made.
My mom and dad are different than me.
We all come from our mom and dads, but even them, they are different than us.
We are all fearfully and wonderfully made.
What issues they have, what issues you have, just because you say, Well, it is generational.
I am not part of the generational.
I am part of a new generation.
I am a royal priest.
I am with him.
I am a joint heir with Jesus Christ.
Generational curses are broken.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory from generational curses.
Well, you know, my dad had cancer and his dad had cancer and his dad had heart attacks and it goes on.
No, Jesus paid the price for me to walk in victory.
I don't have to be underneath a generational curse.
You need to know that the curse stopped with him.
As for me and my house, we are not going down that curse line anymore.
The curse stopped with him.
He took it.
Say it.
The curse stopped with my Jesus.
He paid the price for me to walk in victory.
I don't have to have a generational curse.
I am redeemed.
Christ has redeemed me from the curse.
Galatians.
Jesus paid the price for me.
So, generational curses stopped at the blood.
If you receive it, generational curses stopped at the blood.
Either you believe it or you don't.
Well, I see the fruit.
Oh, no.
Christ has redeemed me from the curse of the law.
Sickness of long continuance is in there in Deuteronomy 28.
I am not going to be a part of it.
Why?
Because Jesus paid the price for me.
I don't know who that was for, but there are so many people that are always latching on to your father's and mother's sins and what happened with their family and whatever.
No, that is all under the blood and it has never lost its power.
It is a way of thinking.
As a man thinketh in his heart, so is he.
The more you think it, the more your heart, out of the abundance of your heart, your mouth is going to speak it.
And what you are saying out of your mouth, you are going to be living.
Well, you know, poverty has been a part of the family for all.
You know, your grandma was poor.
Your mom and daddy were poor.
No, I am redeemed from the curse of poverty.
Poverty is a curse.
It is like leprosy.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in abundance, to be the head, not the tail, above and not beneath.
But so much of the body of Christ wants to latch on to poverty and I am taking the veil of poverty.
Not this man.
He gives me creative ideas to get wealth.
I say it all day long.
Show me.
Show me, Lord, the secret things.
Tell me what is coming, Father.
Why not?
You have to come up higher.
And you are thinking, Give me a creative idea to be the best body shop owner and I could be the best car guy or whatever.
I will be the car lot guy or whatever.
God has endless ways to bless you.
You could be the next Apple.
In fact, he just got laid off.
Tim Cook is looking for a new job.
We were talking about that the other day.
Look, he is looking for a new job.
Everybody is replaceable.
Why not replace them with you?
God must call you up.
I heard you are really good at making ruggets.
I will pay you 100 million dollars a year to come over here and give me that idea that you had from the Holy Spirit.
What did you say?
How did they make that fuel work like that?
What was that mathematical equation?
You come up with something better than the man Tesla did.
But where did you get it?
By the leading of the Holy Spirit, you have to think bigger.
You could be the next problem solver to a world's crisis.
You, a believer.
Why not you?
You have to stop thinking so small.
You could be the next mathematician like Albert Einstein, so smart, the E equals MC square, and you are out there and you go, Hey, I know how to solve the problem to this, and you make endless amounts of money for the patent of it, and they go, Listen, we are going to give it to you.
Who are you?
I am just a believer.
Jesus did it.
He gave me the idea.
Here church, here is my tithe check.
Let me help you build the youth building.
Let me help you do this here.
Where is my tithe check?
That pastor goes, Oh my goodness, this is what you are believing for.
We don't have to worry about money anymore.
Why not you and why not now?
Why is it that we are always the ones with the hand-me-downs and the getting in the world's goods and we go in the thrift stores?
I am thankful for thrift stores.
It has changed my life.
But you go, Hey, somebody had to buy it originally.
I am always looking for a Chanel or a Louis Vuitton or something in the Goodwill, but somebody had to buy the original to donate it and they had the money to do it.
Why not you?
I just do not understand.
I think about it all the time.
Why not you to find the Louis Vuitton shoes?
I am looking around all the time.
God, show me some Chanel shoes because they are going to flip for a lot.
But somebody had to have the original dollar to buy it.
Five grand, 10 grand, whatever it was for a pair of shoes.
And I could sell it for $1,000.
Used soles are messed up.
Do you get it?
I am trying to stretch you.
Father, I just thank you, Father, for every single person who is here.
Why not me?
Why not now?
Why not them?
Why not that they will be somebody changes their bloodline of generational poverty?
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you are a God of more than enough.
I thank you, Father, that everything is produced off of a seed.
Babies seed, fruit seed, grass seed, flowers seeds, deer has seed produces a little fawn.
Everything is produced off of a seed.
Seed time, harvest.
Father, I thank you Lord that life begins at conception and seed.
The seed is fertile.
The egg is fertile.
I thank you, Father, that there are so many people that tonight are just believing for a child, believing for breakthrough.
And I thank you, Father, that today is their day of conception.
Today is the day of conception.
And no matter how long that you tell us to hold the baby, we will not cast our fruit before it's time.
And there might be a little bit of time of waiting, but we know what you said, Father, that the harvesters and the reapers, the sowers and the reapers will go hand in hand.
We call for an acceleration of crops in the name of Jesus.
We call for an acceleration of what we're believing for, that there's an expiration date to that which we've been believing for, and we call for the conception of that today in Jesus' name.
We lay hold to that which you've promised.
And we believe that you're the God of more than enough, able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
And the visions and the desires of our hearts—you said you give us the desires.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for creative ideas to get the desires, to get it done.
All that you have done for us, that we don't lack any good thing.
I thank you, Lord, that you're the God of more than enough.
That we're able to pay off our churches, have ministries, whatever we need to get the gospel done, and we lack no good thing.
And I bless every one of them, Father, tonight.
I bless their hands.
I bless their minds.
I thank you, Lord, that tonight, God, I come in agreement that when they lay their head on the pillow and they sleep tonight, they'll have creative ideas.
Give them ideas.
Holy Spirit, I ask you, give them ideas right now: blueprints of something that will solve a problem for somebody in the world that will bring forth a great harvest.
And Father, they vow that they'll tithe, they'll take care of the kingdom whenever you take care of them.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
We make a vow.
We make covenants with you, Father, that you are our God and we are your people.
And we humble ourselves before you, Father.
And we thank you, Lord, that you give us power to get the wealth that we need to do the things that we need to do it with, that we lack no good thing in these last days.
I thank you, Father, as we pray for Clarity.
We pray for Save America.
We pray for our president, for 'drill baby drill' and all the major things concerning this nation.
We apply the blood of Jesus over President Trump.
We thank you, Lord, for the fruits, the blade.
We see the fruit being manifested as he reads the word today.
We thank you, Lord, that it starts with reading the word anyway.
We believe that this is the beginning of great change in this nation.
We call for a turnaround in President Trump and his thinking, in his heart, his mind, his will, his emotions, and that Father, he'll have a road to Damascus experience in the name of Jesus.
That Father, he'll have that encounter with you.
And Father, it will shake him, Father, to his knees.
And when he humbles himself before you, I thank you, Lord, that he's baptized in the Holy Ghost and fire, speaking in tongues, filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly.
Father, we pray over his mind right now.
We cover his children: Eric, Don Jr.
, Tiffany, Barron, Ivanka, Kai, and Barron.
We thank you, Lord, that every single one of his children are at the right place at the right time.
We thank you, Lord, that the angels—they may not even know you, Father, but they will.
We call them to the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ.
We call for a stirring in their hearts, in their children, in their marriages, that every single one of them will be radically on fire for you, born again, filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
I even call Jared born again.
I thank you, Father.
No one's too far gone.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you can turn it on a dime.
I believe, Father, that the hedge is protecting the family, and a thousand shall fall at their side and 10,000 at the right hand, but nothing shall come nigh them.
I pray over Trump and his marriage, over the First Lady, Melania.
I pray over her right now in the name of Jesus and over Trump and their marriage.
I thank you, Lord, that you're rekindling old flames, that flame of passion that they might have once had.
I ask, Father, to stir it up in the name of Jesus that their marriage would be strong.
Father, I pray over JD Vance and over his wife, Usha.
Father, I thank you.
Usha, she's born again.
Father, we call Usha filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
And we thank you, Lord, that the baby has all 10 fingers and all 10 toes.
Thank you, Father, that she'll not cast her fruit before the time, that it be a child that's dedicated and consecrated unto you.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that she finds you here and JD Vance finds you in a greater level.
Father, that you become more real to that family than ever before.
We shake off false religion in the name of Jesus.
We take authority over that foul spirit.
We say stop, cease, and desist in your maneuvering of even maybe the potential of a new first lady in the days ahead.
Father, we cover her in the name of Jesus.
We call her born again in Jesus' name.
And that, Father, if you want them to be our next presidents, Father, I thank you for radical conversions.
Father, I pray for Rubio personally.
But Lord, your will be done, not ours.
But Father, it would even be better if you just come back and get us and that we don't have to go through another election in 2028.
I'm asking, Father, that there'll be a supernatural turn of events in this nation, that Father, we will have the greatest revival, and we call it in the name of Jesus for supernatural revival to take place over this nation sooner than later.
Over every governor's race, we pray over Mike Lindell.
We pray over our governor, over our state of Oklahoma, over Texas, over Florida, over Louisiana, all of them.
I don't know how many people have an election this year, but God, especially over California, we call a changing of political position concerning California.
We call a red wave over California in this House and the Senate, that the people would say enough is enough and they vote out these corrupt politicians.
We call and raise up new leaders in the name of Jesus over this.
That Nancy Pelosi is going to be retired soon.
Schumer will be retired soon.
We thank you, Lord, that they put their resignation in and they go on their way.
That Gavin will be retired soon and he'll go on his way.
Father, we give you praise and glory for it right now.
New voices and new positions will rise up with a backbone like a crowbar and lead this nation in the name of Jesus.
We pray that for South Korea.
We call a turn for the church in South Korea to rise up in the name of Jesus.
We call forth major fruit over the nation, over Taiwan.
We thank you, Lord, that there's a major move of God, that Father, China will not take Taiwan.
We thank you, Lord, that we take authority over that communistic spirit.
That dragon will not take the land.
We say, thus far and no further.
You will not have the land.
You will not have it.
In the name of Jesus, we apply the blood over Taiwan, over South Korea, over Japan.
We call North Korea born again in the name of Jesus.
I thank you, Lord, that you're going to remove the tyrant government of Kim Jong-un.
We say in the name of Jesus: Kim Jong-un, your days are done.
Be removed in the name of Jesus!
Even in the middle of the night, be removed in the name of Jesus!
And your tyrant sister, be removed in the name of Jesus!
And the dynasty of this will be removed forever off the face of this earth, and the people of North Korea will be able to be free like the children of Israel, that they will be able to worship the Lord thy God on the mountain like you did, Lord.
Just like you did for the children of Israel, Father, they'll be able to worship you in their homes.
They don't have to go to the mountain; he lives on the inside of them.
But Lord, we thank you, Lord, that there'll be great praise all throughout North Korea.
A great revival all throughout North Korea.
We call a stirring in them in Jesus' name.
I thank you, Lord, that you're translating the people through the supernatural highways just like you did in the Bible.
And I thank you, Lord, that they will be witnessed to.
They will have an experience with you: healings, demonstrations, and manifestations of the glory.
I call repentance back into America.
I call holiness back into the church, Father, that we raise up and have that backbone like a crowbar and take the land just like David did.
The same for Australia.
In the name of Jesus, we call a stirring in Australia.
In New Zealand, we call a stirring overseas.
Father, all over Africa, I call revival and for the genocide to stop over the Christian people in Nigeria and these other areas.
Father, all around this genocide of Christians, they are wiping them out by the hundreds of thousands.
I thank you, Lord, that the bloodshed stops and in the Muslim community, the tables will be turned, that the hand of the Lord be against them.
We call liberation over the Cuban people.
We call a major stirring of revival in Cuba.
We thank you, Lord, that you'll liberate those people just like you'll do with Iran.
And he walks with me, and he talks with me, and he tells me I am his own, and the joy we share as we tarry there, none other has ever known.
I come to the garden alone while the dew is still on the roses.
There's something about that name.
Jesus is coming soon, morning or night or noon; many will meet their doom.
Trumpets will surely sound; all of the dead shall rise.
Righteous meet in the sky, going where no one dies.
Heavenward bound.
Thank you, Lord.
There's just something about your name, Lord.
Master, you are a Savior.
Worthy is the Lord.
For you are glorious and worthy to be praised.
You're the lamb upon the throne, and unto you we lift our voice in praise.
Holy is the Lord.
Now Father, we pray over Delta Force.
We pray over our Navy SEALs.
We pray over our men and women of service tonight on the Abraham Lincoln and George Bush.
We pray protection over our ships and carriers from drones.
We pray over every single one of them in the name of Jesus, even those coming out of Damascus.
I see so many people relocating this summer.
Father, I thank you that the believers get good houses.
They'll relocate to the churches that they need to be at to add their supply.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for jobs and better jobs.
This is what the Lord wants me to say to you: there are so many of you that have been hurt by the church.
There are YouTubers on here right now, watching, and you've been wounded greatly by leaders in the church.
The Lord wants to bring a refreshing to you; it wasn't him, it was the personalities.
The principalities work through the personalities.
Even Peter—He rebuked him whenever he yielded over to the devil.
He said, 'Get thee behind me, Satan.
' He thought he was saying something good, but the devil was speaking right through him.
You've been wounded so deep that you've secluded yourself.
The Lord said, 'I want to renew, and I want to bring a refreshing, and I want to restore what the cankerworm ate in your heart.
I want to use you again for my glory.
' A refreshing, a cultivation of a brand-new river, brand-new oil, brand-new wine and wineskin.
A refreshing is coming over to you right now.
You've run long enough.
The Lord says he wants to take off those chains of iron and steel and pain.
It's just like daddy's song: 'I'll have no other, for I'll love you only.
I'll never forsake you or leave you alone.
Here in your arms, I'll always be at rest in the precious love you have for me.
I love you, oh how I love you.
' I can see it.
That heart has been so wounded.
It was so black for a season and there's a huge crack down the middle of it.
As I'm seeing this, the crack is filling up with liquid love.
Jesus wants to become so real to you again, where you had so much fire and zeal for him, but it was put out by religious Pharisees.
God wants to restore what the cankerworm ate in your life.
Will you let him in?
Tonight's your night to start new.
He says you've been a prodigal way too long.
'I'll have no other, for I'll love you only.
I'll never forsake you or leave you alone.
' Tonight's your night—a fresh, clean start.
And you've wondered, "Why am I stuck in this place?
It's been a place of the cliff for you.
" He's kept you sheltered.
He knows you've been wounded.
You haven't grown to your full potential because you've not been planted in the right ground.
He's wanting you to be by that still water.
But you say, "Why are my roots still stuck?
It feels like I'm in a rut and I can't get out of this rut.
" Because your roots are waiting to be planted in the right water and the right soil.
But he has preserved you.
I hear this: "I have preserved them and their hearts.
" Even whenever they felt I was not there and they've had tragedy hit their life, I was always there.
"Come here, my precious.
I know you are hurting and though you have left me, I welcome you home.
" Thank you, Lord, for refreshing.
Thank you, Lord, that tonight's a night for a brand new start for them.
Tonight's the night that they forgive those that persecuted them.
They forgive those in the church that have hurt them.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
But it's time to give the Lord a brand new refreshing in your heart.
Hey, we've all been hurt.
I choose not to live there anymore.
Tonight, the Lord says, "Don't live there no more.
" As the Holy Spirit just floods you with his presence—a fresh presence, a fresh touch, and a fresh start in the name of Jesus is all over you—a fresh, clean start tonight.
I love you.
Oh, how I love you.
I'll have no other, for I'll love you only.
I'll never forsake you or leave you alone.
There's so many of you that this is for.
People can be mean.
They're just people.
People can be mean and it hurts.
Leadership can hurt you.
But we forgive them and move on.
Don't allow what God had for you to die and not become something so beautiful and flourish like a beautiful tree by water just because of somebody in the past that hurt you.
I release it and we move on.
We're here for you.
We pray for you.
I'm so thankful that you're even here tonight.
But God wants to turn what the devil meant for bad to destroy you and turn it into something that's victorious for your life.
It won't define you anymore.
The pain and the sorrow will not define you anymore.
Don't allow this to define your life.
The pain of the past, we release it right now.
God is bringing healing fountains of living water flowing out of you.
Just let it flow.
Father, I thank you that the pain of the past does not define them, and that you touch them right where they're sitting.
Healing flows on the inside of them.
And we release it now by faith.
We forgive them by faith.
Say it: "I forgive them by faith, Lord.
" I believe that a fresh, clean start is happening for a lot of you.
Glory, Lord.
Thank you, Jesus.
We bless you, Father.
We thank you, Lord, for cleansing and making things new.
Thank you, Jesus, that today is a brand new day.
Father, we forgive them.
Lord, there's a lot of you that say, "I feel better.
" You can feel it.
It's lifting off of you.
It's a spirit of heaviness that's been on there for a long time.
It's a wounded soul.
It's a wounded spirit.
It's lifting off of you.
It's time for a brand new start.
You know why I believe he's doing this tonight?
Because it's all hands on deck.
He's bringing in the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
And you have so much inside of you that you can give to reach that which was lost.
And if you're here tonight and you tell me, "Brandon, I've never accepted Jesus Christ as my Lord and personal savior.
Would you please pray for me?
" And those of you that want a fresh, clean start tonight and you're telling me, "Brandon, this is for me.
" I want you just to repeat a prayer after me.
But I want you to become bold about your decision tonight.
You tell me, "Brandon, I want a fresh, clean start.
The church has wounded me.
I've been through some really hard times.
You've been my church, Brandon.
This is my fresh clean start.
" But tonight, I make a declaration to Jesus.
I make a declaration to the Lord to be the biggest light I can be.
Not "this little light of mine"—I'm going to be a raging inferno for the Father tonight.
Tonight's my night.
I forgive them that hurt me and I let it go.
And tonight is my night for a fresh, clean start.
I release it.
I'm not letting it hold me back anymore.
I forgive sister so-and-so or brother so-and-so or the pastor or whoever.
I forgive them.
It might be your dad.
You might be a PK, a preacher's kid.
You might be wounded because of your father.
He was mean to you or something.
He was the pastor of the church.
I don't know.
But tonight is your night for a fresh, clean start.
So, I just want to say a simple prayer for those that are here tonight and you've never asked Jesus or you're coming home tonight.
You just say this simple prayer after me: "Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Tonight, Lord, I'm coming home.
Tonight, Lord, I choose to forgive.
I choose to not let my past define me anymore.
From this night forward, Lord, I'm sold out to you.
I make a fresh, clean start tonight.
I rededicate my life to you, Jesus.
I ask you to forgive me for holding a grudge, and we forgive them for what they did to us.
" Father, I thank you, Lord.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong, and I'm not going to allow my past to determine my future.
You said, "Behold, I make all things new.
" And I thank you, Lord, that today I'm born again.
Today I have a fresh, clean start.
I believe for those that are just getting born again, my name is written in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Jesus, I turn my back on the sin and the devil and the choices I was making.
And from this day forward, Lord, I'm sold out to you.
Thank you, Lord, that my name is written in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Thank you, Lord, that I am saved.
Thank you, Lord, that I am a prodigal that has come home tonight and I am no longer running anymore.
I yield and I run to you.
And I thank you, Lord, that you give me that fresh, clean, living water flowing on the inside of me.
And I, Father, will be a light to those around me.
And I will teach them and show them the love of God as I have been shown tonight.
Amen.
I believe those that have just rededicated, those that are just sold out, those that are born again tonight, welcome to the family.
Welcome home.
I know people can be mean and it hurts, but isn't it good to be free?
It's no longer there.
It's good to be free.
That's what Sister Billy would say: "Isn't it good to be free?
" Well, if that was you and you just said that prayer, welcome.
I would say you find a Bible-believing church and get plugged in.
I'm glad you're here.
We'll be your church.
We're excited you're here.
This is an online church.
We come here and we pray five days a week, or at least we try.
And I want to tell you, welcome.
If you don't have a church to go to, we'll be your church.
If you don't have a church you want to go visit, there's a lot of good churches out there.
But tell the pastor there, "I want to be water baptized.
" If you've never been water baptized, get water baptized.
Find the book Why Tongues by Kenneth E.
Hagin.
Pray in tongues.
Get stirred up.
The good fight of faith is a fight that we've already won through him.
It's a good fight because it's a fixed fight.
It means He has already conquered.
Everything that Jesus set out to do is done.
And because you accepted Him as Lord and Savior tonight, you're victorious.
I believe that you just have to get into this Word, get into this Bible; it will change you from the inside out.
You say, "Brandon, I don't have a Bible.
I just said the sinner's prayer, and could I have a Bible?
" My wife and I will send you a Bible for free.
All you have to do is email us at the link in the description down below and say, "Hey, I got born again tonight.
" Put it in the subject line.
Put your name and your address, and we will send you a Bible for free just to say welcome home.
We love you and we're excited you're here tonight.
All 43 of you that prayed that and feel a refreshing on you, that is awesome.
I'm excited.
There are many more that I feel this is for, especially one individual that I was seeing.
I know this one in particular because I could see this person very clearly.
And so, I know that there are a lot more of you that this was ministering to, and you feel free tonight, too.
I know Jesus has a plan for every single one of you, and we're so excited you're here tonight.
Thank you for being here.
So that was kind of different, wasn't it?
The flow of that anointing was restoration for people, but I felt a refreshing.
I felt the presence, the refreshing of fresh water.
I wasn't really praying; I could see President Trump making decisions, and he's in the valley of decision concerning Iran.
He's not quite fully there yet with his decisions as of this time.
It was like a scale—you know, those balances.
I could see the decision to either wipe out the infrastructure of Iran or not be so tough in his bark.
It was more swaying like this because of public opinion and because of people wondering if he is going to back down.
This side was the people and the people who would suffer if he took out certain structures and the war crimes against 90 million people without the infrastructure.
It's the oil more so than anything else—more than the water and the electric and the suffering of the people.
Finding these key leaders that are hiding underground.
He has big decisions to make.
So, Father, I thank You that President Trump makes decisions that are filled with control by the Holy Ghost.
I thank You, Father, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly.
That he hears Your voice and a stranger's voice he will not follow.
We plead the blood of Jesus over President Trump tonight.
That he sleeps soundly, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We thank You, Father, that there's peace and there's joy in his heart.
We thank You, Lord.
Lord, was that it tonight, what You wanted me to do?
For every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
The words fall to the ground in Jesus' name.
Every tongue that rises against us, Father, we condemn them.
And we praise You.
Thank You for the refreshing tonight.
We call for refreshing tonight.
Thank You, Father, for refreshing.
We praise You, Father.
We worship You.
It's amazing how many people are wounded by the church.
As I was praying, I could see how many hearts had a crack.
It went from here and went over here.
It went like this.
And I could see a heart—not like a human heart, but a big heart.
It looked purple.
It was black at one time and it became purple.
It had a little bit more blood flow to it, and then I saw a crack in it where you were wounded so greatly, and I could see liquid love pouring in.
You know, like when you have one of those little things with that colorful sand?
You can fill it in and it becomes like when you can mix the colors and layer the colors in the sand—the Kinetic Sand or whatever it is, you know, like the kids do.
Kinetic Sand.
Yeah, it's not Kinetic Sand, but it's like a sand.
It's like blue or pink, but you can layer it in art.
At the top of the heart, I could see it had a cork.
And all of a sudden, the liquid love from the Father flowed like water and what was there in the heart, the big crack, started to fill like one of those games on your phone, and it started filling up.
All of a sudden, what was once purple became red and vibrant and beautiful again.
I thought it was the most beautiful vision as I was looking at it.
He was turning the sorrow around.
What was such a wounded heart became pliable again and started beating for Him.
Behind it were no longer wounds.
It had light, and light was shining all around it, almost like the sun was behind it like an eclipse, and the light started shining through the heart.
I thought that was so beautiful.
He filled the crack and made it new again.
There are so many people that are going through so much, but He loves every single one of you.
He loves you so much.
I'm just so thankful that you're here.
For all of you that came tonight, we'll be back again tomorrow and we'll pray more.
I know it's kind of different, but it's what the Holy Spirit wanted.
For those I prayed for—almost an hour we prayed and sang—there are 7,700 of you right now.
That is wonderful.
Lord, we have so many people here.
We could pray more.
Is there anything else, Lord, You want us to cover?
We can just pray.
Let's pray in the spirit for President Trump.
There are some big decisions here, and he's in his place of decision.
We thank You, Father.
The valley of decision.
We praise You, Father, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly.
The footsteps of the righteous are ordered by the Lord.
I could see people that looked like a bunch of heads that were moving, and they were relocating to Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas, and Missouri.
They were leaving a lot of the East this summer.
I could see the trees and I could see the leaves.
I could see where the sun was setting in the West.
This dispensation of grace is coming to an end.
Tribulation is about to begin.
But I could see the sun going down and the way it was shining on the leaves.
People are getting into their positions.
You say, "Well, Brandon, why would they all come?
" I have no idea.
I'm just telling you what I saw.
It could be a metaphor.
I mean, if everybody leaves and comes to Oklahoma, there's not enough room for everybody.
But I'm just saying it's something to do with what He did tonight: a change of the heart, getting you ready and putting you in position.
We pray over the oil wells.
That's interesting.
I see a lizard around the oil well.
I see a lizard around the refinery.
It has a white belly and three coats of different colors of greens—three layers.
And as each layer fades into one another, the darker layers are on the very top, but it goes white, green, darker green, and then a dark green like this.
Stripes on a lizard.
Why is a lizard running around that oil derrick?
Why is a lizard around the oil, Father?
I see the Supreme Court justices and I see a decision.
I see the Constitution.
What are they doing?
Do you remember the one that passed away that was a very strong Democrat, Ruth Bader Ginsburg?
She's there.
I see this demonic...
it's something to do.
Okay, we're going to pray over the decisions the Supreme Court's about to make.
You know, like the First Amendment and the Second Amendment.
It's that lady.
I see her face.
Now, I know she's not here, but she's holding...
it's almost like the Ten Commandments, and she has these tablets in her hands.
They are facing out, and she's looking across them.
I see jets buyer.
I see this is to do with finances, money, and the industry.
This is like all the money in the industry, the economy, because I see big jets.
I see American Airlines and I see New York City.
I see the Empire State Building lit up, and I see that false god on it again.
It looks like some kind of celebration, like a demon on the side of that building.
I see eyes on the building with a gray face.
And I see green, black, and red.
It's the Iranian flag, but I see the face of this demon has black on it, and the eyes are on the building.
I see the flag of Iran on the side of the building like Palestine.
You know what I'm talking about?
It looks like the Palestine flag on the Empire State Building, and there's a devil with teeth on it.
You're going to see this in the days ahead.
You're going to see Palestine; they're going to see this flag—this green and white.
It looks like that flag, Braden, on the side of the building, lit up.
It's because of Mayor Mamdani; he's going to light it up.
You'll see it all in the news.
It'll be looking green and white and red.
It's going to look like that flag with a devil in the middle—some kind of god in the middle of it.
I don't know if this is actually a metaphor or if it's actually happening, but I believe this building is really going to be lit up with this.
The devil is a side note; I don't truly believe it looks exactly like that, but I don't want to add to or take away from anything that I'm seeing.
I see a demon behind this.
The flag is represented on the Empire State Building, but there is a demon face, and it looks like a gray false religion—like a gray Hindu-looking god.
It's demonic: gray with a red tongue, eyes, and sharp teeth.
It looks like an entity over this as they light up the building with this flag.
Is it a lion son?
Is that a devil?
So, it is Iran's flag.
It's the one with that demonic-looking face.
I see a face, but it doesn't have a sword in its hand.
It looks like a devil face right there.
People are asking, saying, 'Yes, it's a devil face.
' Who is that?
It's a false god.
They're going to light that building up, but it's going to be about that.
It's not Muslim; it looks like a gray devil face.
I have to get in the river.
It will be in defiance.
It's the Modi.
It's this man, the mayor.
And I see Ruth with the Ten Commandments.
It's about the Supreme Court.
And now I see Niagara Falls.
It's very clear.
Raman.
Okay, so it has something to do with the economy, with the planes.
I see the planes like an air show and a big river.
But the river is dirty.
The water in the river is very dirty.
And she is there, and she has a white doily collar, and she has the Ten Commandments, and it looks like they're about to drop them.
She's barely hanging on to them.
The Supreme Court is barely hanging on to them.
They look like tablets.
No, I see the First Amendment, the Second Amendment, the Bill of Rights.
They're not the Ten Commandments; it's the Bill of Rights she's barely hanging on to.
First Amendment, Second Amendment.
I see them in Roman numerals.
They're on these tablets, and the Supreme Court is barely hanging on to them.
Why the woman from the dead is holding onto them, I have no idea.
She's there at the forefront, and I see the others behind her.
She has a doily around her neck that looks like a white crocheted-looking lapel thing.
She looks very sickly, but she's holding the tablets in her hands.
And now I see Epstein.
I see Epstein standing next to her.
Epstein is standing next to the woman, concerning the land and the decisions about to be made concerning law and justice.
The First Amendment, the Second Amendment—the Bill of Rights—are being challenged.
I see this false god on the side of the building, and I see Niagara Falls is full of dirt and the economy is shaking.
Why is Epstein next to her?
There are two dead people.
And I see that Muslim man in New York; he's sitting behind his desk.
It's concerning digital currency and the new AI.
A right to a trial, rights to privacy.
There will be an overreach with crypto.
The very thing you want to try to embrace today, you'll push away tomorrow.
As they implement this, people will want to embrace it, but as they see the freedoms taken away, they'll want to push away.
But it will be too late.
The Bill of Rights is in jeopardy.
They're about to drop them.
It will cause things to be dropped in the days ahead.
I see the Supreme Court.
He said Canada's Bill of Rights is about to be changed.
I see change, and this is not for the better—it's like an overreach.
I see the same for England and France, going across Europe as they embrace this on the building.
As they embrace this on the Empire State Building—Muslim—do you understand what I'm saying?
It's embracing this.
They're celebrating this, and Mamdani is sitting at his desk.
He has an overreach, more than the Supreme Court.
And there's a river of trash coming down Niagara Falls.
There's a dirtiness in the river, and I see the planes in the background connected to it.
And then I see Epstein.
This is all up in the Northeast: Philadelphia, Boston, New York, Maine.
It's really focused up there: Michigan, Detroit, Virginia.
An overreach, almost like a constitutional amendment—the beginning of the Bill of Rights really changing.
First, second, third, fourth—you're going to see amendments.
Amen.
I'm seeing amendments being challenged.
Some say it's outdated.
I see spiders and bugs crawling on it.
Spiders are trying to build a web around the First Amendment.
They're building a web around the First Amendment.
I see a spider; it looks like a black widow building a nest around the First Amendment.
It's trying to wrap the First Amendment in a toxic web.
The spider is wrapping a web all around the First Amendment, and then it's eyeing the Second Amendment.
But the Second Amendment has a black foundation that looks like steel.
It looks like a steel plate protecting it from the spider.
The Second Amendment has a layer that looks like a black steel plate.
I see the spider looking at the Second Amendment, wanting to know how it can penetrate it, while a web is being woven around the First Amendment.
Things are about to change, especially in Canada.
But as I see this, I see a plate that is trying to divide the first and the second from the spider.
A spider is trying to make a cocoon around the First Amendment as we speak, a black widow.
The Second Amendment is a black steel plate.
So, freely you will give the first, but you'll fight for the second.
He says it's being stripped away.
They will try to strip it away, but you'll fight so strong for the second, not realizing as they silence you.
I see them trying to create another seat in the Supreme Court; they say 'stack the court.
' I see judges rising up in certain key states coming against your Bill of Rights.
This judicial district, the economy, the boroughs.
There's too much.
I see a person in a white outfit, like a Star Wars stormtrooper, with a completely onyx face that's a perfect circle.
It looks like somebody took an eraser and erased it.
It will be a chiseling away.
As one goes, they all go.
It tries to chisel it away, but I see this spider wrapped even tighter against your First Amendment to choke it out.
The fruit of the web is coming.
Watch your Supreme Court.
You'll see it in Canada and Europe.
Fight for your freedoms: rights to trial, rights to privacy.
I see an overreach by this man in New York.
I see false gods on the side of the buildings.
Great blasphemous events are about to take place.
You'll see it in the news.
There will be hardly any outcry.
Pray for President Trump today.
This is concerning Australia, too.
They want to take away your ability to talk.
What will the church do?
We pray against it and bring down that spider.
We have some Holy Ghost spray to kill that black widow spider.
I've kept you long enough tonight.
I see what he's saying, looking at our Supreme Court and the decisions about to be made.
AI is about to take a whole different level.
This is about to get very serious.
As we see AI evolve with the digital overreach of the government—the thing you try to embrace thinking it's going to be great—you'll eventually push away, but he says it will be too late.
Much of the banking and what's about to take place—is JP Morgan and Chase really the enemy?
I have to pray about this more.
We know what the beast system is going to do.
I didn't even know what the Third Amendment was, but the Holy Spirit reminded me of the Bill of Rights.
There are 27 amendments; the first ten, the Bill of Rights, were ratified in 1791.
When they're talking about the 25th Amendment against Trump, I see them dropping the Supreme Court.
But I see Epstein and Ruth.
Why is she there?
She's dropping the tablets, dropping these amendments.
And why is Epstein standing there?
I see the guy over in New York and all the other Supreme Court judges behind her.
I thought it was over and the Lord said, 'No, I'm not done.
If you pray a little bit more, I'll show you something.
' I see something on the Empire State Building, massive eyes and a face, celebrating Palestine or Iran.
It was a defiance towards Trump, a rebellion.
You're about to see it in the news.
There's hardly any uproar about it in New York.
God bless you all.
Jesus loves you so much and we'll see you again tomorrow.